[DOCS] Security UI update 8.4 (#2451)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/security-ui.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/nav-overview.gif[Overview of the navigation menu]

TIP: Click the *Collapse side navigation* button to collapse and expand the main navigation menu.

The {security-app} contains the following pages that enable analysts to view, analyze, and manage security data:

[float]
=== Dashboards

Expand this section to access the Overview, Detection & Response, Kubernetes, and Cloud Posture dashboards, which provide interactive visualizations that summarize specific data within your environment. Refer to <<dashboards-overview>> for more information.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/dashboards-pg.png[]

[float]
=== Alerts

View and manage alerts to monitor activity within your network. Refer to <<detection-engine-overview>> for more information.

[role="screenshot"]
image::detections/images/alert-page.png[]

[float]
=== Findings

Compare your Kubernetes infrastucture against a variety of security benchmarks. Refer to the <<findings-page>> to find out how to set this up.

[role="screenshot"]
image::cloud-native-security/images/findings-page.png[The Findings page]

[float]
=== Timelines

> Investigate alerts and complex threats, such as lateral movement of malware across hosts in your network. Timelines are interactive and allow you to share your findings with other team members. Refer to <<timelines-ui>> to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Investigate alerts and complex threats such as lateral movement, across your network. Timelines are interactive and allow you to share your findings with other team members. Refer to <<timelines-ui>> to learn more.
```
This would also include threats other than malware

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/timeline-ui.png[Shows the Timeline page]

TIP: Select the collapsable *Timeline* button at the bottom of the {security-app} to start an investigation.

[float]
=== Cases

Open and track security issues. Refer to <<cases-overview>> to learn more.

[role="screenshot"]
image::cases/images/cases-home-page.png[Shows the Cases page]

[float]
=== Explore

Expand this section to view the following pages:

* <<hosts-overview, *Hosts*>>: Examine key metrics for host-related security events using graphs, charts, and interactive data tables.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::management/hosts/images/hosts-ov-pg.png[Shows the Hosts page]
+
* <<network-page-overview, *Network*>>: Explore the interactive map to discover key network activity metrics and investigate network events further in Timeline.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/network-ui.png[Shows the Network page]
+

> * <<users-page, *Users*>>: Access a comprehensive overview of user data to help you understand authentication and user behavior within your environment.

Reviewer 2: I think you need a `+` after this to move the following image under this bullet point.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/users/users-page.png[Shows the Users page]

[float]
=== Get started

> View a quick shortcut to add security integrations, which you can use to monitor your hosts and ingest data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add security integrations that can ingest data and monitor your hosts.
```

Reviewer 2: Another possible revison that keeps a bit more of the original sentence:

```suggestion
Quickly add security integrations, which you can use to monitor your hosts and ingest data.
```

The {security-app} contains the following pages that enable analysts to view, analyze, and manage security data:

> <<dashboards-overview, *Dashboards*>>: Expand this section to access the Overview, Detection & Response, Kubernetes, and Cloud Posture dashboards, which provide interactive visualizations that summarize specific data within your environment.

Reviewer 3: @nastasha-solomon I'm a little hesitant to create a GIF just to show how to expand the menu, mostly for maintenance reasons, but this made me realize we no longer have general guidance on how to use the grouped nav UI. Previously we provided that in [the grouped-nav-ui topic](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/security/8.4/grouped-nav-ui.html), but this PR removes that page from the docs. 

I think some of the content on that page is still useful to retain, even if the new nav is now on-by-default. The screenshot and bullets are still relevant:

<img width="969" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87339667/191051890-3accecb8-515e-4184-ab97-251fa5fd1239.png">

<<detection-engine-overview, *Alerts*>>: View and manage alerts to monitor activity within your network.

[role="screenshot"]
image::detections/images/alert-page.png[]

> <<findings-page, *Findings*>>: Review your Kubernetes infrastructure’s performance on a range of security benchmarks.

Reviewer 2: If we're going with @joepeeples edits, would "compare" be more fitting instead of "review"? For example:

```suggestion
<<findings-page, *Findings*>>: Compare your Kubernetes infrastructure’s performance against a variety of security benchmarks.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::cloud-native-security/images/findings-page.png[The Findings page]

> <<timelines-ui, *Timelines*>>: Investigate alerts and complex threats, such as lateral movement of malware across hosts in your network. Timelines are responsive and allow you to share your findings among other team members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<timelines-ui, *Timelines*>>: Investigate alerts and complex threats, such as lateral movement of malware across hosts in your network. Timelines are interactive and allow you to share your findings among other team members.
```
Just another option 🤷

Reviewer 2: I like "interactive". I'd make the second part of the sentence more active though, for ex:

```suggestion
<<timelines-ui, *Timelines*>>: Investigate alerts and complex threats, such as lateral movement of malware across hosts in your network. Timelines are interactive and you can share your findings with other team members.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/timeline-ui.png[Shows the Timeline page]

> TIP: Select the collapsable *Timeline* button at the bottom of the {security-app} to start an investigation.

Reviewer 2: This isn't a correction, but a note that we _might_ need to update this line in 8.5. At the start of this week, I built an ESTEC deployment using the 8.5-SNAPSHOT and upon reviewing it, noticed that the Timeline component was already expanded at the bottom of Security app. I'm seeing something different on the endpoint test server (which is also running a snapshot of 8.5.0) so that change might've been reverted. Anyways, this is something I plan to verify for 8.5.0.

Reviewer 2: Verified with @michaelolo24 that this is actually a bug and Timeline has not been redesigned in 8.5. Ignore this comment!

<<cases-overview, *Cases*>>: Open and track security issues.

[role="screenshot"]
image::cases/images/cases-home-page.png[Shows the Cases page]
*Explore*: Expand this section to view the following pages:

> * <<hosts-overview, *Hosts*>>: View key metrics for host-related security events through graphs, charts, and interactive data tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<hosts-overview, *Hosts*>>: View key metrics for host-related security events using graphs, charts, and interactive data tables.
```
My understanding is that "through" while often used like "by means of" is actually mostly for physical movement or the state of having finished with something.

Reviewer 2: Can we also change "view" to "examine" here?

```suggestion
* <<hosts-overview, *Hosts*>>: Examine key metrics for host-related security events using graphs, charts, and interactive data tables.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::management/hosts/images/hosts-ov-pg.png[Shows the Hosts page]

> * <<network-page-overview, *Network*>>: View key network activity metrics through an interactive map and network event tables that interact with Timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<network-page-overview, *Network*>>: View network event tables that interact with Timeline, and key network activity metrics on an interactive map.
```
To me the sentence is more readable in this order because there's less ambiguity about whether "network" is ever being used in its verb form.

Reviewer 3: Amendment to @benironside's helpful edit above -- maybe less likely, but "key" could also be read as a verb, and I think it's a stronger structure to have clear verbs in each phrase:
```suggestion
* <<network-page-overview, *Network*>>: View network event tables that interact with Timeline, and visualize key network activity metrics on an interactive map.
```

Reviewer 2: Are we visualizing activity metrics on the network map though? When I click around on the map, I get these brief, informational pop-ups that list a few key details about the host.
<img width="1422" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-15 at 4 28 43 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79124755/190502701-33b7cb8a-3df4-4daa-b90b-969c428736c6.png">

I also kind of want to tweak the bit about event tables that can interact with Timeline. How about something like the following:

```suggestion
* <<network-page-overview, *Network*>>: Explore the interactive map to discover key network activity metrics and investigate network events further in Timeline.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/network-ui.png[Shows the Network page]

* <<users-page, *Users*>>: Access a comprehensive overview of user data to help you understand authentication and user behavior within your environment.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/users/users-page.png[Shows the Users page]

> *Get started page*: View a quick shortcut to add security integrations, which you can use to monitor your hosts and ingest data. Other {security-app} pages that show event data (for example, the Hosts and Network pages) display the get started prompt until event data has been ingested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Get started page*: Quickly add security integrations that ingest data and monitor your hosts. Other {security-app} pages that show event data (for example, the Hosts and Network pages) provide the same option until event data has been ingested.
```
I don't feel like the second sentence is necessary, since I don't think users reading the first sentence will have any trouble finding a way to add integrations.

Reviewer 2: +

image::images/getting-started-pg.png[Shows the Get started page]

> *Manage*: Expand this section to manage these frequently used tools in the {security-app}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Manage*: Expand this section to manage the {security-app}:
```
I could be off here, but calling all these features "tools" struck me as a bit unusual.

Reviewer 2: I still think we should keep that part of the sentence. The latter almost sounds as though we're directing users towards the application settings. How about: 

```suggestion
*Manage*: Expand this section to access and manage additional security features:
```

> * <<rules-ui-create, *Rules*>>: Create and manage rules to monitor suspicious events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<rules-ui-create, *Rules*>>: Create and manage rules to detect suspicious events.
```
nit, but they're meant to monitor ALL events, not just suspicious ones

> * <<detections-ui-exceptions, *Exception lists*>>: View and manage all rule exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<detections-ui-exceptions, *Exception lists*>>: View and manage rule exceptions.
```

> * <<admin-page-ov, *Endpoints*>>. View and manage hosts running {endpoint-cloud-sec}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<admin-page-ov, *Endpoints*>>: View and manage hosts running {endpoint-cloud-sec}.
```

> * <<policies-page-ov, *Policies*>>: View and manage the integration policies configured for {endpoint-cloud-sec}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<policies-page-ov, *Policies*>>: View and manage {endpoint-cloud-sec} integration policies.
```

> * <<trusted-apps-ov, *Trusted applications*>>: View and manage Windows, macOS, and Linux applications that should be trusted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<trusted-apps-ov, *Trusted applications*>>: View and manage trusted Windows, macOS, and Linux applications.
```

> * <<event-filters, *Event filters*>> View and manage event filters, which allow you to filter endpoint events you don't need to want stored in {es}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<event-filters, *Event filters*>>: View and manage event filters, which allow you to filter endpoint events you don't need to want stored in {es}.
```

> * <<host-isolation-exceptions, *Host isolation exceptions*>>: View and manage host isolation exceptions, which allow you to specify IP addresses that allow communication with isolated hosts, even when blocked from the rest of your network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<host-isolation-exceptions, *Host isolation exceptions*>>: View and manage host isolation exceptions, which specify IP addresses that can communicate with your hosts even when those hosts are isolated.
```

Reviewer 3: I like @benironside's edit above, but think it's still useful to say "blocked from..." as a way of explaining what "host isolation" means, instead of just repeating it. But we could prob shorten it:
```suggestion
* <<host-isolation-exceptions, *Host isolation exceptions*>>: View and manage host isolation exceptions, which specify IP addresses that can communicate with your hosts even when those hosts are blocked from your network.
```

* <<blocklist, *Blocklist*>>: View and manage the blocklist, which allows you to prevent specified applications from running on hosts, extending the list of processes that {endpoint-cloud-sec} considers malicious.

> * <<benchmark-rules, *CSP Benchmarks*>>: View, enable or disable benchmark rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<benchmark-rules, *CSP Benchmarks*>>: View, enable, or disable benchmark rules.
```
not sure if we have a policy on that famous last comma in a list, but I'm a proponent

Reviewer 3: Yes, general consensus seems to be in favor the serial/Oxford comma

Reviewer 2: +

[role="screenshot"]
image::manage-pg.png[Shows the Manage page]

> TIP: Click the *Collapse side navigation*  button to collapse and expand the main navigation menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: Click the *Collapse side navigation* button to collapse and expand the main navigation menu.
```
